## Reflection 
### Describe your process. At a high level, how did you go about creating this project? 
At a high level, I started by drawing out the layout of the app. This includes the design for each screen and the main features I want each screen to have. Next, I looked at my design as a whole and split it up into different sections. First, it was so I could work on one feature a day, but then I thought that it would be a good idea to split it up in this way for the SPEC.md. Therefore, I began to conversate with ChatGPT Pro to develop sections of my SPEC.md.  I always had a high-level idea of the functionality of the design, but I struggled to come up with some of the smaller edge cases that I have to consider, so by conversing with AI, I developed each of the sections for the core screens and features. Once I had this huge document as my SPEC.md, I gave it to Claude AI to clean up and split it into phases. Since prompting Cursor Pro is extremely important, I used ChatGPT to help me create prompts and then I would feed these prompts into Cursor. After each phase, I would go through all the files that it modified, do manual tests that everything worked, and debug as needed. Once I generate a new prompt for a new phase, I would make sure to read it through and modify it as needed (e.g. adding debugging tools). Once I had the basic functionality completed, I brainstormed aspects of the UI that I wanted to change. I created a new SPEC for bettering the UI design. Then, I ran through the same process of asking ChatGPT for prompts, feeding it to Cursor, and then working with Cursor from there. 

### What AI tools and strategies did you use? What models did you choose, and were you using them in a browser chat, in something like Cursor, in the command line, etc? Did you use an agentic process like in HW8, or something else? 
I used an agentic process. I created a SPEC.md, but I didn't create a REVIEW.md. I used Cursor Pro because students get the pro version for free. I used ChatGPT Pro for conversing because I think it does a good job. Lastly, I picked Claude to clean up my SPEC because it typically does a good job of restructuring things, making things look better without changing any substance. 

### Why did you make the choices above? 
Seemed like the best approach with the scope of this project and time limitations. 

### What changed from your pre-113 approach? Compare your approach to how you might have approached the project before 15-113. What has changed, if anything? Do you feel more or less well-equipped to create projects like this within a reasonable time frame? 
I have been exposed to many more AI tools. Before this class, I didn't know Cursor or Claude existed. I also had no idea the breadth that you can do with these AI tools, so my approach pre and post-113 is extremely different. Previously, I probably wouldn't have even attempted to build an app because I'd think the scope is too big and if I were to, I'd definitely would have just gave ChatGPT a very vague prompt like "build me a workout app that's similar to Strava" and pray that it would work and as it wouldn't, spend an unnecessary amount of hours debugging. Now, I can say that I am much more well-equipped to create projects like this. 

### What might you do with this project with more time? 
Potentially instead of writing my idea out to ChatGPT, allowing myself to voice record and actually explain out loud to it
Add an AI chatbot that helps them come up with exercises/plan or maybe an API database with exercises for users to "explore"
Connecting to Spotify API to allow user to click into a specific playlist they curated for the goal
Depending on the mode user chooses, potentially having exercises increase automatically after a certain amount of time
